Improve upgrade docs (#1525)
Shopify/shopify_app: docs/Upgrading.md

If you need upgrade by more than one major version (e.g. from v18 to v20), we recommend doing so one by major version at a time. Deploy each into production to help to detect problems earlier.

If you do run into issues, there are two useful techniques to apply: Adding log statements, and using an interactive debugger, such as `pry`.

You can temporarily add log statements or debugger calls to the `shopify_app` or `shopify-api-ruby` gems:
  * You can modify a gem using [`bundle open`](https://boringrails.com/tips/bundle-open-debug-gems)
  * Alternatively, you can your modify your `Gemfile` to use local locally checked out gems with the the [`path` option](https://bundler.io/man/gemfile.5.html).
* Note that if you make changes to a gem, you will need to restart the app for the changes to be applied.

# Common Errors

* `redirect_uri is not whitelisted` – you likely need to update the App Setup on https://partners.shopify.com/.

> * `This app can’t load due to an issue with browser cookies` - this can be caused by an infinite redirect due to coding error.

Author: If we proceed with https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/pull/1530 then it should hopefully reduce the need for this.

We strongly recommend you avoid 'monkeypatching' any existing code from `ShopifyApp`, e.g. by inheriting from `ShopifyApp` and then overriding particular methods. This can result in difficult upgrades. If your app does so, you will need carefully check the gem's internal changes when upgrading.

If you need upgrade by more than one major version (e.g. from v18 to v20), we recommend doing so one by major version at a time. Deploy each into production to help to detect problems earlier.

If you do run into issues, there are two useful techniques to apply: Adding log statements, and using an interactive debugger, such as `pry`.

You can temporarily add log statements or debugger calls to the `shopify_app` or `shopify-api-ruby` gems:
  * You can modify a gem using [`bundle open`](https://boringrails.com/tips/bundle-open-debug-gems)
  * Alternatively, you can your modify your `Gemfile` to use local locally checked out gems with the the [`path` option](https://bundler.io/man/gemfile.5.html).

Note that if you make changes to a gem, you will need to restart the app for the changes to be applied.

# Common Errors

> * `redirect_uri is not whitelisted` – you likely need to update the App Setup on https://partners.shopify.com/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `redirect_uri is not whitelisted` – 1. Ensure you have set the `HOST` environment variable to match your host's URL: `http://localhots:3000` or `https://molecules-pocket-graduation-wooden.trycloudflare.com`. 2. update the app's URL and whitelisted URLs in App Setup on https://partners.shopify.com 
```

If you do run into issues, there are two useful techniques to apply: Adding log statements, and using an interactive debugger, such as `pry`.

You can temporarily add log statements or debugger calls to the `shopify_app` or `shopify-api-ruby` gems:
  * You can modify a gem using [`bundle open`](https://boringrails.com/tips/bundle-open-debug-gems)
  * Alternatively, you can your modify your `Gemfile` to use local locally checked out gems with the the [`path` option](https://bundler.io/man/gemfile.5.html).

Note that if you make changes to a gem, you will need to restart the app for the changes to be applied.

## Common Errors

### `redirect_uri is not whitelisted`

* Ensure you have set the `HOST` environment variable to match your host's URL, e.g. `http://localhost:3000` or `https://my-host-name.trycloudflare.com`.
* Update the app's URL and whitelisted URLs in App Setup on https://partners.shopify.com

### `This app can’t load due to an issue with browser cookies`

This can be caused by an infinite redirect due to a coding error.

> To investigate the cause, you can add a breakpoint or logging to the `rescue` clause of `ShopifyApp::CallbackController`.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we might want to mention that this could be cause by using the Authenticated concern in a Fetch request.

> To investigate the cause, you can add a breakpoint or logging to the `rescue` clause of `ShopifyApp::CallbackController`.

Author: Updated in 909b6f8.

### Specific cases

#### Shopify user ID in session

Previously, we set the entire app user object in the `session` object.
As of v19, since we no longer save the app user to the session (but only the shopify user id), we now store it as `session[:shopify_user_id]`. Please make sure to update any references to that object.

#### Webhook Jobs

> It is assumed that you have an ActiveJob implementation configured for `perform_later`, e.g. Sidekiq.

Author: (some apps may have been using a plain Ruby class with `perform` method).
